---
---
ID: 1534
post_title: SHS Announcements 10/24/2018
author: Jon Morgan
post_excerpt:
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://midmichiganjournal.com/shs-announcements-10-24-2018
published: true
post_date: 2018-10-24 21:54:05
---
<p>Shepherd High School Announcements for Wednesday, October 24, 2018:</p>
<ul><li>There will be a book club meeting at lunch on Thursday in Mrs. Grim's room for anyone interested in joining this year. Bring your lunch and ideas for what we should read! Please see Mrs. Grim with any questions.</li>
    <li>The Winn Fall Festival is looking for FACE PAINTERS for this Friday, October 26th anytime between 4-8 p.m. at the Winn Community Center. Please call Melissa Pieratt VanAlstine 621-1425 or Trudi Turnwald-Shattuck 560-1081 if you can help out! Thank you</li>
    <li>There will be a BPA meeting on Friday, Oct. 26 during lunch for all members. Bring your lunch. Your application and dues must be turned in by the meeting or before. See Mrs. Bellinger or Mrs. Antcliff if you have any questions.</li>
    <li>Students: Retakes will be held on October 30th are from 8:00 am until 9:00 am. If you need picture retakes, you must sign up in the office. This signup sheet is the only way the office know you would like retakes. Students will need to list their first hour teacher on the sheet. If you are a morning GI-TEC Career student, Alma or MT. Pleasant, you must have your picture taken before you leave for class. You must also sign up in the office.</li>
    <li>Seniors: The Yearbook staff is accepting your senior photo for the yearbook. Please submit a digital 2” x 3” vertical image with a 300 DPI to jbellinger@shepherdschools.net by February 1, 2019.</li>
    <li>The school store will be selling 12 oz. slushies for $1.50 today. The 8 oz. slushies are still $1.00.</li>
</ul>